Tidy up namespace (#132)
hyperspy/rosettasciio: upcoming_changes/132.maintenance.rst

> Tidy up ``rsccio`` namespace: privitise ``docstings``, ``exceptions`` and move ``conftest.py`` to tests folder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tidy up ``rsciio`` namespace: privatise ``docstrings``, ``exceptions`` and move ``conftest.py`` to tests folder
```

> Tidy up ``rsciio`` namespace: privatise ``docstings``, move ``conftest.py`` and ``exceptions`` to tests and utils folder, respectively

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tidy up ``rsciio`` namespace: privatise common ``docstrings``, move ``conftest.py`` and ``exceptions`` to tests and utils folder, respectively
```

Reviewer: still stings and not strings :-)
